Oh ha ha ha
Qin Xiao, what are you talking about?
This is not a joke.
Do you know how much money to invest in a month?
Qin Xiao, the scene is chaotic enough now, don't fill it out for me.
This idiot lives in the past.
I thought I was a rich second generation who used to call the wind to the rain.
Don't say two hundred million.
It's only 200 yuan, and your wild dog can't get it.
Roll the dog, stare, stare.
Crazy, what are you doing here?
I'm the deputy director.
How dare you beat me up?
It's just a barking dog.
Even if I am your master, I will beat you.
Sir, don't think you know two things, I'm afraid of you.
My mother's house has thousands of Qins.
Even if you're made of iron
I see you can make nails.
Qin Xiao, he's right.
This is not a problem that holding hands can solve.
I know you can grow.
We don't have that much money.
Don't worry, I have a way.
There's a bank card on this card.
Is it enough that I want to invest in the film crew?